README.md, before:

# Ansible playbook for Ubuntu on odroid XU4 - basic config, Docker, Kubernetes, Dashboard and Traefik.

This repository contains playbooks to configure a cluster of [odroid XU4](http://www.hardkernel.com/main/products/prdt_info.php?g_code=G143452239825) devices.

The odroids have a basic Ubuntu 16.04 LTS installation, DHCP reserved addresses and the names ready in the DNS server.

The base_docker_install playbook installs some basic stuff and the latest Docker version on a 5 node cluster, if you're plan is to only use Docker this could be enough for you.

The install_kubernetes playbook is heavily based on the [rhuss](https://github.com/Project31/ansible-kubernetes-openshift-pi3) Pi3 cluster setup and installs and configures Kubernetes, it will downgrade Docker to the latest supported version for Kubernetes.

The tools playbook adds some handy tools to manage the Kubernetes cluster, it adds the Kubernetes Dashboard and makes it available via Traefik.

You can use the kubernetes_reset playbook to reset the Kubernetes installation when needed.

If you're planning to use these playbooks don't forget to adjust the hosts file to your own hostnames or ip-addresses.

These playbooks were used with Ansible version 2.4.2.0

Commit message:

Making README more readable and adding tips.

README.md, after:

# Ansible playbook for Ubuntu on odroid XU4 - basic config, Docker, Kubernetes, Dashboard and Traefik.

This repository contains playbooks to configure a cluster of [odroid XU4](http://www.hardkernel.com/main/products/prdt_info.php?g_code=G143452239825) devices.

The odroids have a basic Ubuntu 16.04 LTS installation, DHCP reserved addresses and the names ready in the DNS server.

### Base install
The base_docker_install playbook installs some basic stuff and the latest Docker version on a 5 node cluster, if you're plan is to only use Docker this could be enough for you.

### Kubernetes
The install_kubernetes playbook is heavily based on the [rhuss](https://github.com/Project31/ansible-kubernetes-openshift-pi3) Pi3 cluster setup and installs and configures Kubernetes, it will downgrade Docker to the latest supported version for Kubernetes.

### Tools
The tools playbook adds some handy tools to manage the Kubernetes cluster, it adds the Kubernetes Dashboard and makes it available via Traefik.

### Reset Kubernetes
You can use the kubernetes_reset playbook to reset the Kubernetes installation when needed, example when you run into issues after testing some stuff (looks at self).

### Tips
+ When you see an error that looks something like this `User "system:serviceaccount:kube-system:default" cannot list replicationcontrollers in the namespace "default".` in the Dashboard after deployment, you can resolve it by giving the service account the necessary rights:

`kubectl create clusterrolebinding --user system:serviceaccount:kube-system:kubernetes-dashboard system-cluster-admin --clusterrole cluster-admin`

This is not for production though, purely for lab environments as it is not the most secure way to dealing with it.

+ If you're planning to use these playbooks don't forget to adjust the hosts file to your own hostnames or ip-addresses.

### Notes
These playbooks were used with Ansible version 2.4.2.0
